A one-handed set?
All right!
Aoba Jousai                    Karasuno
They're tied! They caught up in the eleventh hour!
What is this called again?
Deuce!
Whoever takes a two-point lead first...
wins!
Haikyuu !!
I take two deep breaths and calm my heart
I take a step with my left foot to break the silence
Get your nervousness in check and reign in your mind
You have it in you
You can cast out the demons
Fate? Random chance? Questions? Answers? It's all one
This is the sign
Oh, yeah!
The world is opening to us
We pass the door,
look straight ahead, and never look back
Oh, yeah!
I put my hand to my chest
I can feel the proof that I exist
It is my beating heart
Episode Twenty-four:
"Lonely King" No More
Aoba Jousai                    Karasuno
All right!
Oh, oh, oh! Seijou!
Seijou!
Rule the Court
Oh, oh, oh! Seijou!
Seijou!
Don't panic! Get out there and make some noise!
Yessir!
Are you good to go, Kunimi?
Yes, sir.
Hey! You two are amazing!
I didn't know Kunimi knew how to chase after a ball for dear life.
Don't stop chasing it halfway!
Kageyama!
I'll do the broad jump as many times as it takes!
Until it works!
Right.
Let's go!
Yes!
Give us a good serve!
We have the momentum!
Give it all you've got, Tanaka!
Okay, here goes nothing!
I've got it!
They're out of formation!
Center!
Block it!
We can score off this!
Here's our chance!
One more ball!
Nice receive, Watari!
Number ten resets fast!
Nice block!
One more time!
I know you're getting the set,
so I ain't gonna leave you unmarked!
Hinata is tired and can't jump as high! The timing is off!
Ow.
All right!
Aoba Jousai                    Karasuno
Shouyou!
Hey! Hinata just saved our butts!
This time...
We're rushing them!
Yeah!
...Karasuno gets to say "check."
Keep calm. We'll take it back!
Yessir!
Tanaka, serve up another one!
Hanamaki!
Yes!
Aoba Jousai                   Karasuno
The score may be tied,
but Karasuno still has the upper hand as long as Seijou doesn't score right now.
That being said...
once again, Oikawa is serving at the worst time.
I won't let you attack the way you want to.
We're winning this, not you.
We're moving on to a bigger stage.
Shiratorizawa                Kitagawa First
I'm gonna humiliate Shiratorizawa instead!
We'll take the advantage back with this play!
Olé!
Nishinoya!
Nice judgment call, Nishinoya!
Right.
He flubbed it.
I can't believe Oikawa flubbed a serve.
Aoba Jousai                    Karasuno
It's match point for Karasuno again.
He has to be losing it big time to screw up the serves he's usually so good at!
Give us a good serve, Hinata!
Yeah, even Oikawa isn't invulnerable.
That evens the score.
A point is a point either way.
Iwaizumi, you're so cool!
Now I feel inferior to you.
Since when have you been superior to me?
In reality, there may very well be a significant difference between scoring on your serve or your opponent's serve.
Historically, I've always been superior!
Ow!
But the most important thing for now is that Iwaizumi's actions and words have kept the team from falling apart.
Okay, let's get that point.
Right!
Is it really true that Seijou has never made it to nationals?
They're such a solid team.
Maybe, but in reality, they're still lagging behind.
Both teams are exhausted physically, but mentally, Seijou has to be way more exhausted.
Aoba Jousai                    Karasuno
Don't let them catch up, Karasuno!
Rule the Court
Aoba Jousai                    Karasuno
Whoa!
They both passed thirty points!
It's gotta be hard on both sides.
Yeah, but I get the feeling that Karasuno is barely keeping the ball in play.
Their attacks seem to be getting a little uninspired.
Sure, Seijou has to be feeling the
psychological pressure worse, but...
Oikawa, you can do it!
Ugh! That put the rotation around full circle!
Give us a good one!
He'll be mindful of that serve he flubbed last time, so how will he handle it?
One point!
Oikawa, you'd better not be thinking about Ushiwaka during the match, or I'll clobber you one.
Someone who's blind to the opponent in front of them can't beat the opponent that comes after them.
You're right.
One point and he's gone!
Yessir!
It's coming back! We have a chance to score!
I've got it!
Considering how he messed up the last one,
I think that might be the greatest serve I've seen all day!
Shit, I'm sorry!
Be grateful that you even got that up in the air!
Calm down! Calm down!
I've got it!
Don't jump at the decoy!
Will it be a fast attack?
Or does this situation call for their ace?
Left!
The opposite side?!
Is it...
Kunimi again?!
Kunimi!
You have to go in for the hit even if they know you're a decoy!
But the opponent could obviously tell the ball was going left.
Why waste the energy?
You're good at it, so why don't you ever take the sport seriously?
So I'm not serious unless I'm constantly busting my balls?
We can score here!
I've got it!
He still has energy?!
Kunimi, I just saw you slacking on your decoy work.
I'm s—
You'd better learn to be more sneaky or Mizoguchi will yell at you again.
Kunimi, you moron!
You're efficient, conservative, and always calm.
That's your secret weapon.
Rest assured you'll make up for it by playing full throttle at the end when the rest of us are too tired to play.
A real setter gets every player on his team working at 100%!
No matter who that player may be!
Got it?!
Number thirteen again?!
A diversion!
Aoba Jousai                   Karasuno
Seijou made their comeback!
Seijou has match point again!
Not only that, Oikawa still has the serve!
We were on the same team for three years, but I never saw...
Good going.
Kunimi smile during a match like a normal player before.
Not bad!
Keep it up!
Guys, wait a second. I need to say something.
Who are you?
How am I supposed to
compete with someone like you?
Kageyama?
Kageyama!
Earth to Kageyama!
Hey, don't tell me you're getting spooked out. Talk about lame!
Whoa!
Th-Think about it! Obviously a great king is gonna be better than a king.
That goes name-wise too!
Heck, he even looks smarter than you!
My bad, Kageyama!
I'll get the ball back to you the next time.
Then we'll play it like usual and do the attack you think is best.
Kageyama!
Quit second-guessing!
What is everyone on our team?
They're good at what they do.
Do you think our king got spooked by the Great King?
It's okay, 'cause Kageyama isn't a lonely king anymore.
Haikyuu !!
Go for it! Go, go, go, go, Seijou!
Aoba Jousai                    Karasuno
Okay, bring it!
Attack! Attack, attack, attack, attack, Seijou!
Bring it!
We're getting that point!
Yeah!
Aw, yuck.
What a nuisance.
Give us a good serve!
Tobio, you and your rapid rate of evolution
One point!
Now, bring it!
might have me beat.
But...
Olé!
Front!
It's up!
But they're not in formation!
They can't do a fast attack!
Just when the pressure of the situation has you too tense, a diversion comes for that tiny hole in your defense.
The terrifyingly calm focus to rip victory from your grasp!
Left!
Center!
Asahi, go!
Keep it in play!
Iwa!
It's up—
Do it, Kindaichi!
You have me beat in both speed and reflexes. However...
In a head-on battle for height, I'm the best!
It's up!
Get it!
I've got it!
Kindaichi! Kunimi!
Yes, sir!
Left!
Now!
This position!
This timing!
This angle!
It's bang-on!
Tobio.
You and your rapid rate of evolution
might have me beat.
But...
not today.
Right on!
We did it!
Let's go.
Yes!
Hinata, Kageyama. Time to line up.
Captain, I'm sorry.
You didn't mess that up.
No apology is required!
Thank you for the match!
Guys, wait a second. I need to say something.
The next opportunity Karasuno gets to use their fast attack,
Tobio will definitely go for the superhuman version.
Keep that in mind.
How did you know they'd go for
the superhuman attack in the end?
I knew because Tobio evolved
alongside those team members.
He's finally learning how to establish a rapport.
As the deuce dragged on, his mental and physical exhaustion peaked.
Aoba Jousai                    Karasuno
So, when his back was truly against the wall,
he was presented with the oh-so-vital opportunity.
At that specific time, the new Tobio...
had only one option.
Form a line!
Thank you for the match!
Well done!
That was a good match!
Gather 'round!
When we lost,
I hated it when someone told me it was a good match.
I was like, "But I lost!"
But now that it's my turn to say something,
it's the only appropriate thing I can think to say.
Listen, that last block...
All right! Let's do this!
We need to vacate.
The next team has to start warming up.
We'll cool down upstairs or outside.
Senseki, fight!
Seijou will take a break and proceed to the quarterfinal.
Yeah!
Weren't you gonna console them by saying they couldn't win off the merits of just one player?
Karasuno wasn't a one-man team after all.
You're a real pain in the ass.
That's mean!
When Tobio read that I'd set it to you in the last play of the second set,
I knew he was changing from a dictator king to a decent king.
Tobio still might've given the set to the small fry even if he was still a dictator,
so it was just a possibility at the time, and I didn't think it was a sure thing.
When he showed me he could read my attack,
it allowed me to turn the tables and read his attack.
So, our Kageyama has finally learned to trust others.
Tell me about it.
Nothing could be more of a nuisance.
The meeting's starting.
Sorry about that.
He read me like a book.
Don't you dare apologize!
Don't make it sound like it was a mistake to set the ball to me!
The meeting is about to start.
The both of you did a fabulous job today.
But we lost.
Yes, you lost.
But don't you think it was a productive match?
Does losing prove that you're weak?
Wouldn't you say that, to you guys, losing is like a trial by fire?
A test to see whether you can get back on your feet after crashing to the ground?
If you guys stay there, down on the ground, that really would prove you're weak.
We run laps convinced that we will all make it
We suffer through the nights for a vision we chose on a whim
Senseki                    Aoba Jousai
If you really want fairness then we'd all look basically the same
We will suffer through more nights for a vision instead of standing still
Our passion burns until the morning and we advance with closed eyes
I haven't forgotten you despite this passion
I run with only my headlight for guidance
No matter what awaits me I will laugh in this body I was born in
Is there someone running with your taillight for guidance?
What you call determination just means bunching up
Is someone going to follow up on all these impressions?
Will vowing to never falter let me laugh again?
Okay, let's go eat.
My treat, of course.
What? Eat, sir? But...
Just do as I say, and eat.
Closed
Sit Tavern
Sorry to do this to you right before closing, Ma'am.
Think nothing of it!
This used to be the norm for you, remember?
All that running and jumping puts stress on the muscles and tears the muscle fiber.
At the end of a match, your muscle fibers will be in tatters.
You recover by eating.
That's how you build muscle.
That's how you get stronger.
So eat up.
Eat a proper meal.
Thank you for the food.
Please, dig in.
Eat.
Slowly...
but surely.
Get stronger.
Next Episode Preview
Ukai, I'll cover this.
Don't sweat it!
Hey, Ma'am! Check, please!
Here you go. I gave you a discount.
Thanks!
Ugh! Those guys really packed it away!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
Episode Twenty-five:
The Third Day
"The Third Day."